README.md, before:

### Hi there 👋

<!--
**shodown96/shodown96** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

I am Elijah Soladoye, a Frontend heavy Full stack Software Engineer that loves transforming problems into scalable product solutions which offer seamless user experience, one keystroke at a time🔥. &nbsp;Amongst my arsenal, below are a few of my preferred technologies:
- NextJS
- ReactJS
- ReactNative
- Django
- Postgres

Some others include:
- NodeJS
- MongoDB
- Angular, 
- AWS, etc.

Some principles/standards/stacks I also work with:
Agile & Scrum, MERN, Firebase, ES6+, TypeScript, Jest, Cypress, Figma, CICD etc.

Hobbies: Movies, Basketball, Art, Music, Photography.

Feel free to go through my website here: https://elijahsoladoye.vercel.app to learn more and connect.

<!-- ![](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=shodown96) -->

![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=shodown96\&hide_progress=true&theme=dark)


<!-- 

![Elijah's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=shodown96\&rank_icon=github&show_icons=true&theme=dark)

<div style="display:flex; flex-wrap:wrap; gap:10px">

![Next](https://img.shields.io/badge/next%20js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=nextdotjs&logoColor=white)

![Next](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)

![ReactNative](https://img.shields.io/badge/Redux-593D88?style=for-the-badge&logo=redux&logoColor=white)
</div>

<img height="32" width="32" src="https://unpkg.com/simple-icons@v9/icons/react.svg" />

https://github.com/simple-icons/simple-icons#cdn-usage

https://github.com/alexandresanlim/Badges4-README.md-Profile -->

<!-- https://medium.com/theleanprogrammer/a-beginner-guide-to-writing-a-stunning-github-profile-readme-6ee0e211f5a8 -->

Commit message:

Update README.md (react native edit)

README.md, after:

### Hi there 👋

<!--
**shodown96/shodown96** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

I am Elijah Soladoye, a Frontend heavy Full stack Software Engineer that loves transforming problems into scalable product solutions which offer seamless user experience, one keystroke at a time🔥. &nbsp;Amongst my arsenal, below are a few of my preferred technologies:
- NextJS
- ReactJS
- ReactNative
- Django
- Postgres

Some others include:
- NodeJS
- MongoDB
- Angular, 
- AWS, etc.

Some principles/standards/stacks I also work with:
Agile & Scrum, MERN, Firebase, ES6+, TypeScript, Jest, Cypress, Figma, CICD etc.

Hobbies: Movies, Basketball, Art, Music, Photography.

Feel free to go through my website here: https://elijahsoladoye.vercel.app to learn more and connect. Please note that most of my React Native projects are in private repositories since they were developed for company products.

<!-- ![](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=shodown96) -->

![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=shodown96\&hide_progress=true&theme=dark)


<!-- 

![Elijah's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=shodown96\&rank_icon=github&show_icons=true&theme=dark)

<div style="display:flex; flex-wrap:wrap; gap:10px">

![Next](https://img.shields.io/badge/next%20js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=nextdotjs&logoColor=white)

![Next](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)

![ReactNative](https://img.shields.io/badge/Redux-593D88?style=for-the-badge&logo=redux&logoColor=white)
</div>

<img height="32" width="32" src="https://unpkg.com/simple-icons@v9/icons/react.svg" />

https://github.com/simple-icons/simple-icons#cdn-usage

https://github.com/alexandresanlim/Badges4-README.md-Profile -->

<!-- https://medium.com/theleanprogrammer/a-beginner-guide-to-writing-a-stunning-github-profile-readme-6ee0e211f5a8 -->
